- Hello, Brian.
Hello, everyone.
- Hello.
- Awesome, as always, to be here.
And I'm pretty excited about stuff
that we got going on today.
So looking forward to our show together.
- Yeah, me too.
- Shall we kick it off?
- Yeah, let's.
- All right, what is the day?
That's an important part.
Hello, and welcome to Python Bytes,
where we deliver Python news and headlines
directly to your earbuds.
This is episode 368, recorded January 23rd, 2024.
I'm Michael Kennedy.
- And I'm Brian Okken.
- This episode is sponsored by us.
Support us by checking out our work.
We do lots of things.
We have many, many courses over at Talk Python Training.
We have the complete pytest course.
We have Patreon supporters,
which you can become one in the show page,
the episode page, and connect with all of us,
all three of us, Brian, me, and the show
over on fosseton.org.
And if you wanna be part of the live episode,
it's pythonbytes.fm/live.
Usually, Tuesdays at 10 a.m., we've changed it.
We have a new time, Brian.
- New time, yes.
- New time, so that's the plan for now
until, it's not the plan,
but we love it when people show up for the show.
And now let's dive right in.
Go for it, Brian, what you got?
- Well, I wanted to talk about debugging a little bit
'cause we've got a blog post.
Actually, it's a blog post and really a newsletter episode
from Unis.
It's a site called Syntax Error,
and it looks like it's a collection of,
it's a newsletter about debugging, which is kinda nice,
and somehow I missed it in the past year.
It started, it looks like February of 2023,
but we're on episode 11 or issue 11,
and it's kind of a summary, so it's pretty neat.
Talking about debugging Python,
I really love just the concept of this, of the newsletter,
but also just, it's really good content in a small thing.
So what is he talking about?
So if you're debugging some code,
the first thing you gotta do
is you gotta get in the right mindset,
and then you can use some tools.
So I'm glad that he starts that with the mindset.
So he's talking about mindset, take a break, stop, breathe,
and then come back to it.
And this breaking away from you're frustrated with your code
to clearing your head is really important.
I don't skip that.
I think it's essential.
Go grab a cup of coffee or something.
And then using a step-by-step process.
Don't just, I mean, it's hard to say not to just jump
to the thing that you think might be broken
and try to fix it.
Okay, after you did that and it didn't work,
then come back to this,
and then do a step-by-step methodical process.
And I think it's very helpful.
There's a little comic here, which is great,
of Gru from, oh, I forget the name of the movie,
but he says, "Need to debug an issue,
"set a break point to get started.
"The break point never hits.
"The break point never hits."
It's pretty funny.
Anyway, so being methodical about it will help.
And then I'm glad he brought this up,
talking about rubber ducking or talking to ducks.
And this is an age old,
and I don't know if it ever actually happened
in my computer science classes.
In our lab, we had a stuffed monkey
that if you asked the TAs
or the grad students that were hanging out in the lab
for help, they would say, ask the monkey first.
And so this is just essentially getting a description
of the bug, the situation, the background information
in your mind in a way that you can say it out loud
will sometimes completely solve the problem.
It's incredible, incredible tool.
And one of the things that was interesting
is he talks about brain dump as an alternative solution
is write it on paper.
If you're not the kind of person that verbalizing helps,
writing it on paper might help.
Okay, now let's get into the tools,
the tools that help with debugging.
And I used to feel guilty about this all the time,
but I reached for print all the time.
So, or some sort of-
- Brian, they said, don't do print, come on.
- So his technique is to start with print
'cause it's low friction, everybody knows how to do it.
Plus we have f-strings now.
And with the equal sign, if you do like curly braces
and then their variable name with the equal,
it just says, it's great.
So anyway, it's really easy to debug print, which is good.
And it's low friction, it's easy to add.
Snoop is an interesting, cool toolkit that he talks about
for helping to see what's going on
within your code at each step.
It's pretty cool tool as well.
Let's just quickly go through some of the other two.
Those are the two like printing, logging sort of things.
There's also ice cream that he mentions.
And there's debuggers.
So talking about debuggers, this is not,
interestingly, he hasn't mentioned like IDEs,
which that's what I usually reach for
is like either PyCharm or VS Code debugger.
But sometimes you don't have access to those
if you've like, if you're SSH'd into something or whatever.
So invoking, being able to use PDB,
I think he talks about PDB, which is the Python debugger.
I learned how to, actually had learned how to do this
mostly just to talk about using PDB with pytest for the book.
And now I use it once in a while
because sometimes it's even more convenient,
especially when using PDB with talks, it's great.
So PDB, IPDB, which is an interactive REPL sort of thing.
PUDB, which is kind of like, it got panels and stuff.
It's a nice terminal UI.
Web PDB, which the same thing within a browser.
It's kind of nice.
Birdseye is something I hadn't seen before,
which is kind of cool talking about Birdseye.
It has these kind of neat diagrams
with like boxes around stuff as things change.
It's a interesting interface.
- It's pretty, yeah.
- Yeah, I don't know if it's for me,
but if it resonates with you, that's great.
Might be worth trying on a project, kind of neat.
Anyway, and then a quick shout out to some Django tools.
So if you're debugging Django,
there's the Django debug toolbar
and an extension for VS Code called Colo.
So anyway, some great advice about debugging,
specifically Python, but really kind of a lot
of this advice applies to everything.
So nice, and kind of nice
that there's a newsletter around that.
- Yeah, it is a nice newsletter.
There's something kind of good
about the permanency of written stuff,
rather than, I mean, what we do is great.
And I think it connects with a lot of people,
but it's harder to go back to it and search it.
- Yeah, and I kind of like the idea of,
I know that a lot of newsletter software,
like Substack and things like that,
can keep it around for you in Medium.
But I like the idea of somebody doing a newsletter
and putting the newsletter things on blog posts
at the same time for people to reach out to.
So.
- Neat.
- So I might have more to say about that later.
But I also have something to say
about what you just pointed out,
what you just talked about.
And I have just done a new project.
I have some things that I've been working on.
You know, I already talked about the leave in the cloud
and the interview with Mark Prasenovic
and how that inspired me to kind of rethink
how our infrastructure goes.
And it is just paying so many dividends.
I'm gonna talk about it in some interesting ways.
And as part of that,
I've had to write a little bit of new software
and I need some logging.
I'm gonna try Log Guru.
Log Guru?
No, no, the G is combined.
And wow, is this a nice piece of logging software.
So what I would suggest, Brian,
if you're feeling the print coming on,
if you're like, "Oh, I'm gonna print this.
"I'm gonna print my way to this bug, solving this problem."
Maybe consider Log Guru-ing your way.
You just create the Log Guru thing
and you can say use color and all of that.
And it will also do print statements just to sys out, right?
But you can see like right here on their homepage,
it says like how to do like color and stuff like that.
And then if you just logger.info or whatever,
it'll print it out, but way more structured and with color.
And then if there's an exception,
you're gonna like say print E, print the exception.
You could just say logger.exception
and it will create the trace back
showing the local variables at every step.
So instead of having to jump into the debugger,
you can just print your way to like,
oh, here's the entire call stack and all the values.
- So that's pretty cool.
- I super, super recommend it.
I've been using Logbook.
I'm a Log Guru fan.
I'm resisting the urge to go and rewrite all my logging
for all of my things because it's not that productive,
but boy, did my logging look cool.
All right, that's not what I wanna talk about,
but I wanna talk about things
that were kind of inspired by that.
So first I wanna talk about Umami
and this has a Python loopback really, really quickly here,
but let's start from the outside in, okay?
- Okay.
- So Brian, I set up Umami at umami.is,
which is like Google Analytics, but not evil.
That's awesome, right?
So the idea is it's privacy preserving.
It is GDPR and CCPA compliant.
It's open source and you can buy it as a service, right?
I can go over here and say pricing for nine bucks.
Some period I will get some number of websites
and it'll give me analytics,
like Google Analytics for my site, right?
That's pretty cool.
What's better, the problem with that is
it's still third-party JavaScript,
even if they don't use cookies,
but it's still third-party JavaScript
and by way of that, it gets blocked a lot,
especially by the developer crowd, right?
And that's not a criticism.
I'm like on the high end of blocking, right?
Like, no, no, we're not doing this.
No, you don't need this kind of stuff, right?
But if you run it on your own infrastructure,
under your own domain, the app is doing nothing nefarious.
It's talking to itself for some things
and it's going back and talking to itself
for other forward tracking.
So this is really, really easy to run under Docker
as a multi-tier Docker app on your own domain,
which is what I'm doing.
And so now I can have some really nice insights
into what are happening on pythonbytes.fm,
the courses, all that,
without sharing any data with anyone ever
and without being blocked
because it's just code running on our own server,
just like everything else on the website.
- That's cool.
- Awesome, right?
The problem is if you go over here and you're like,
awesome, okay, developers, this is me, I'm a developer.
Let's go, let's take me to the docs.
And cool, look, there's an API section at the end down here.
Okay, and now look, there's an API client.
I don't wanna write code, that's great.
NPM install API client.
Oh, crap.
The only API client for Umami is JavaScript or TypeScript.
I don't know, it doesn't matter.
It runs in JavaScript, it's not Python, right?
Actually TypeScript.
This whole app is basically TypeScript, right?
That was until this week.
So some guy down here named Michael
released this thing called Umami-Analytics,
put it on PyPI, go over to the homepage.
And you can see it talks about how it works.
Basically, one of the things that's really nice
about Umami over certain other systems,
like plausible.io is one that has been thrown around
in the same space and it's similar,
is that with Umami, you can send custom events
that have nothing to do with direct web actions.
So for example, suppose somebody
signs up for an account and then opts into your newsletter,
you just talked about newsletters,
and then that's a double opt-in.
So they get an email, which then goes back
to some other place where they actually say,
yes, I really, really do wanna get this.
It'd be cool if you could know, okay, that happened, right?
And so the whole point of this Python library
is to add Python-based events to your analytics
on top of just what the JavaScript is.
Like you're on this page and then you went to that page
and you came from this place and you're on this browser.
It'll let you send in things like somebody bought a course,
somebody confirmed their email address,
somebody logged in with the mobile app for the first time.
Like all of these things that have no straight
HTML JavaScript experience, you can just pump those in
right alongside all of your other analytics.
Still all privacy preserving,
not sharing data with anybody,
no retargeting, no cookies, none of that crap.
Just I wanna view and know what's happening in my app.
So this thing lets you add a custom events
and also you can like register multiple sites.
You can list them out.
It has both synchronous and asynchronous programming models
based on Pydantic and HCPX.
And yeah, super easy to use.
- Very cool.
- Isn't that neat?
- Yeah.
- So recommend Umami, but one of the problems with Umami
is there's not really a great client to like round that out.
So check out the one that I created.
- Nice.
- It's gonna be a theme this week.
So.
- Apparently, we didn't plan this.
- No.
- Yeah.
If we did, we would have both worn blue shirts.
Oh, wait, we're both wearing blue shirts.
- We are wearing blue shirts.
Oh, my tent is off though.
All right, over to you.
- Okay.
What am I talking about next?
Oh, actually I had an extra from the last one
'cause there was a link from Eunice
about fstrings.help, which I think I've seen before,
but I kind of forgot about,
but just looks like a Jupyter notebook
about fstrings, which is fun.
Okay, well, I'll have a link of that in the show notes.
I wanted to mention that,
so I did an open source thing also.
So I released a thing called--
- Oh, you did, okay.
- pytest suite timeout.
And there's a little, I guess, a story around it.
So what happened was I recorded an episode of Python test
about repeating tests.
And I noted that pytest repeat doesn't have a timeout,
but pytest Flake Finder does have a timeout.
And it'd be kind of neat if repeat had a timeout also.
And by timeout, I mean, there's like the entire suite.
So if I want to say like, hey, I want to run like,
I have an example.
I want to run my suite like a thousand times
or a test thousand times,
'cause I'm looking for flaky behavior or something.
But I want to make sure that it only runs like 10 minutes.
Then I want, that's the behavior I wanted.
I like the entire suite, not individual tests,
but the entire suite to only be like 10 minutes
or an hour or whatever.
That's the behavior I want.
And I couldn't figure it out.
And so I wrote this.
Now it could have been in pytest repeat,
but while I was thinking about it, I thought,
well, I have other times where like,
I've got parameterized tests that are like big lists,
like 20 different waveforms or something
that I'm passing through something.
And sometimes I don't really know
how long those are gonna take.
It'd be kind of nice to be able to say,
hey, I want to make sure that the whole suite
isn't longer than so much.
So I made it its own plugin.
So here it is, pytest suite timeout.
You just pass it a flag.
It's still, I just sort of did this a couple of days ago
and I think there might be bugs in it.
So I guess don't put it in production yet.
That's why I never--
- Well, production.
- Yeah.
- It's a little lower bar for test production
rather than I took down the website.
I just took down CI/CD is possibly what you might take down,
which is still a problem.
- Yeah, well, I think I just ran across this morning
I was playing with it.
At least one use case, the word doesn't actually timeout.
But so that's the behavior when it fails
is it won't timeout, but we'll work with it and fix it.
- That's super cool.
- One of the, I announced it on Mastodon
and Mike Felder said, that's pretty cool,
but have you tried pytest-timeout?
Which, yeah, there's another one called timeout.
And it seems like that should be like what I want.
It's just the timeout is, the pytest-timeout is per test.
It just makes sure that individual tests themselves
don't run longer than a certain amount.
And this is kind of like, you should know this, right?
Probably about how long your tests run,
but it's Python and software.
So sometimes infinite loops happen
or some use case that you never break out of.
- Well, also just the fact that it's taking way longer
than it should might be something you want to trigger
as an error, right?
Like if for some reason you'd want to talk to a database
or an API directly and you're not stubbing it out,
if those things are down, it could take 20 seconds for them
to say, nope, every single time.
And you might want to say,
if this ever takes more than five seconds,
something's wrong and just kill it.
You know what I mean?
Right?
I think that would even be reasonable.
- Yeah, so that's the idea around pytest-timeout
is if it takes longer than a certain amount,
attempts to kill it.
And it does, it does like SIG events and stuff
to try to kill the process that's taking too long.
So. - Excellent.
- Whereas the new one, sweet-timeout is nice.
It won't kill anything,
but it also, it won't stop something like that,
but it'll just between tests say,
hey, this is taking kind of too long, let's stop now.
So that's. - Okay.
Well, you might not want to SIG kill either
because what if it's going to put something in a database,
do some stuff and then take it back out
or make a file change and then clean up the temporary files
or whatever, right?
- Yeah, the other part of this though,
is I think it's too nice so far.
It doesn't throw any exceptions or errors or anything.
It just stops the counting.
So if you normally like in this example,
if I had a thousand and I only get through like 150,
it just stops, passes everything,
but it only ran 150 instead of a thousand.
I'm trying to figure out a way to like alert the user
a little bit more that there's something wrong.
So we'll see, it'll grow a little bit after,
after this. - Cool.
Oh, excellent.
Excellent.
This is a crazy episode of where it's just,
we all created a bunch of things.
So let's go back to things we created, huh?
- Okay. - Excellent.
This one, also a thing I didn't create,
but outside in again.
So I've been using MailChimp for years.
And when I first started using MailChimp,
MailChimp is I want to let you subscribe to my newsletter
and put you into groups so that if I only want to talk
to the talk Python people, I can send that message.
If I only want to talk to the Python Bytes people,
I can send that message, right?
And the price has just been going up and up and up,
like hundreds of, $100 this month,
the next one, another $100.
And like, what is going on with these people?
You know, Intuit bought it and it used to be like
kind of a cute little company.
And now it's just a accounting firm grinding its users.
And I kind of don't want anything else to do with it.
And I would much prefer to not share all of the people,
customers, people who just want to subscribe their data
with a third party either, right?
So I went on, I think I talked about this before.
Remember I talked about the 10 different options
that people had sent out of possible newsletter places?
- Yeah.
- I wish I remember who told me I'm asset on,
but somebody said, well, there's these five open source ones
like, wait a minute.
Okay, that's interesting.
And so after a bunch of research,
I decided to turn on ListMonk.
And ListMonk is written in Go
and it's an open source.
There's not even a SaaS version.
It's just self-hosted version of basically MailChimp.
Right?
You can have different lists,
people can subscribe to them.
You can put them into groups,
you send them emails, all that kind of stuff, right?
- Yeah.
- So I, again, 'cause I have all this cool
Docker infrastructure stuff set up now,
it was super easy to just move that over
and run that in Docker, right?
Just like you, mom, you're like, okay,
how do I talk to it?
Go, there's not even an official API client.
The ones you find are like, well, here's one for PHP.
There's actually several for Python,
but they're really bad and they don't work.
I mean, really bad.
So some of them, for example,
are just, they look at the Swagger docs
or the open API docs and they just auto-generate it.
But somehow it's like stuck in time,
auto-generated on an old version that doesn't work anymore.
I don't know.
It's like even the auto-generate one doesn't work.
I'm like, ah, man, I really need this.
Even more than the umami thing, I need code to be written.
So like someone creates an account where they buy a course
and they say, yes, I wanna be, you know,
I asked them, do you wanna be in the middle of this?
Yes, I wanna be in there.
How do I make that happen, right?
Well, Python, of course.
So over the next project,
ListMonk email app API client for Python
or just pip install a ListMonk.
- Okay.
- So over here, this is the next one.
Super nice.
You can add a subscriber, get details about them.
One of the things that's cool in ListMonk
is there's a arbitrary JSON Python dictionary type thing
associated with each user.
So whatever data you wanna put in there, you can.
And with this thing, you can manage it.
Like for example, if one thing that's common
is you have a rating or things along those lines or actions.
So you could put that into the user
as part of their user record.
So you can manage it with that.
You can search them,
check the health of your self-hosted thing,
segment your list.
Obviously you gotta unsubscribe and delete users.
You can even send transactional emails.
So super, super cool stuff.
Again, one more nice open source thing
that's not some big super expensive privacy
questionable SaaS service.
And instead running good over here.
It does take a little bit of work.
It's, Umami is like perfect.
This is a little clunky in some little edge cases,
but it's still quite nice.
So that's the next project.
Also available on PyPI today.
- Nice.
- Oh, well, that's it for our items.
- Cool. - Hopefully,
between all these things,
we can help people write one a little bit better test.
And two, depend a little bit less
on just giving up a little bit of privacy
to trade it in convenience,
like Google Analytics, for example,
or to a lesser degree, some of these mail platforms.
- Yeah. - Yeah.
And save some money while you got it.
All right.
- Well, normally we would jump into some extras
and I don't have any extras this week.
So do you have any extras?
- I do have extras.
Well, let's see what have I got here.
Yeah, okay.
So the first one is, if I'm running,
self-hosting these things, right?
I'm running them in a Docker cluster.
So it's really easy to basically just do a Docker pull,
restart, you know, relaunch the app, off it goes, right?
So that's awesome.
That's one of the reasons I'm willing to run like Umami
rather than like FS server and all these database things.
I get a patch and whatever, right?
Just literally one command to manage
like 15 multi-tier apps.
It's awesome.
But how do you know when there's a new one, right?
Obviously you could just set it up
to just do it continuously.
But what I realized is every GitHub repository,
this has nothing to do with Umami, just an example.
Every GitHub repository, if they use releases, right?
If you go over here and you say like the releases,
like I have a V01.10 for my Umami thing
and there's actually two of them.
If you have that for any project,
you can just go to the GitHub URL for the web,
not the dot get thing and just do slash releases.atom.
And that's an RSS feed for the releases
for any GitHub project, even if they don't have a blog.
- Wow.
- That's cool, right?
- Yeah.
I can put this in Feedly then.
- Yes, I put it in Reader for me.
And now I have ListMonk and Umami and a few other things.
And I'm like, if this gets changed,
I probably wanna just go take a little action
on that real quick.
And now it's in my RSS feed.
- That's pretty cool.
- Yeah, so very simple.
Anyone can just watch whatever they want.
Brian, we both tried to do this one.
- Yeah.
- Colo, you mentioned that in your article,
I ran across this 'cause I,
sorry, I don't remember the last name,
but I saw one of my Mastodon followers, Lily.
She somehow interacted with me
and like her profile like came by in my app.
And I saw that she works on this thing called Colo,
debugging for Django apps.
I'm like, huh, that's interesting.
What is this?
So this is a thing that's in beta.
It says, "See everything happening
"in your running Django app."
And they have a really nice design of their webpage here.
So probably best to see it visually.
It says, "Debug your Django app 10 times faster,
"get instant access, et cetera, et cetera."
So this is a plugin or extension for VS Code.
And it just has tons of information all available to you.
So it has a tab or whatever the thing on the left is,
you expand like extensions and files
and it plugs into that thing, a little pane, I guess.
And it shows you the request response,
like kind of like a dev tools in a web browser.
So you can see headers, HTTP requests, responses,
as kind of a running history of the HTTP exchange
your browser is having with your Django app.
That's cool, right?
- Yeah.
- And I think it's showing you, not entirely sure,
but I think it might be showing you even Python code,
not just web things, right?
It has local variables, arguments,
and then it has even like this tree thing
for visualizing code execution paths.
So yeah.
So you click on the, sorry, you click on the request,
it shows you the code,
and then it actually shows you the local variables
that were passed around as well.
It's pretty neat.
- Yeah.
I don't know that the tree,
that the visual thing is super pretty,
but I don't know how it is, but I haven't played with it.
- I agree with you.
It's awesome.
Wouldn't use it.
Yeah, you can do, what is it?
Inspect all the outbound HTTP requests made.
That's kind of neat.
And SQL queries, you can,
it'll track all the SQL queries that were made.
Really good for understanding what's happening.
What's up, Brian?
Good.
- That's just really nice
because you never know when your queries get out of hand
and you're making way more than you need to.
- Exactly.
Especially in the ORM space,
because it's so easy to do lazy loading and say,
give me all the customers.
For each customer, get me this thing about them.
And that's a relationship.
So every time through the loop,
it's another database query,
the so-called N plus one performance problem.
And you would just see like,
whoa, the SQL thing is full.
I thought there were like two or three requests
and now it's just full.
What is happening here?
So that's great.
Yeah, anyway.
- Ooh, background jobs.
- Yeah, even contract your celery background tasks.
So right now it's in beta.
I'm pretty sure this is a thing
that costs money at some point.
Yeah, so if you VS Code,
check this out, it's kind of interesting.
- Yeah, definitely.
Neat.
- Neat, all right.
Another thing that's cool is I've talked about
warp before and I've been using warp at the terminal a lot.
One of the drawbacks of warp for all of its beauty
and cool features is that it doesn't,
it only works on Mac for now,
which is a limitation, let's call it.
- Not for me.
For other people.
- Yeah, not for me, but for a good chunk.
Now I say it's only somewhat of a limitation.
So like on my Mac, if I SSH into my Docker cluster thing
that I've been talking about,
warp will like inject the warp behaviors
into the Linux shell over there.
So I get like end-to-end warp as a Mac user.
But if I was actually a Linux user,
I couldn't use warp 'cause it's a Mac app
until pretty much now, right?
So coming soon is warp on Linux.
So people wanna sign up for that.
I put a link for in the Linux terminal signup page
to get on the wait list.
And warp is just a super neat way to work
with your terminals, more like an editor.
It's got AI built in, which most AI built in things I hate.
They're really bad, but you can say things like,
just say hash, and then it'll say something like,
search this directory for all files with this pattern,
except that directory.
And then it'll go, here's the command that you type.
That kind of stuff that I'm like,
what's the parameter to this?
How do I grep that again?
I have no idea.
So anyway, it's pretty cool.
- I wonder if it's set up, I'm just curious if it's,
since they're doing different platforms,
if they've got a UI layer and then a warp core.
- Oh my God, they probably do have a warp core.
And if they didn't name it that,
they've really lost a chance here, right?
- Yeah, hopefully.
- So I talked about this before I realized
through search about two and a half years ago,
something called BPyTOP.
So BPyTOP is an awesome,
over, if it gets too small,
it thinks it's gonna hide all of its graphics,
way to look at how your server is going.
And it is so neat, the way that this app works.
I definitely, let me just, I'll put it up.
Here's the live running version
of the one that I've been messing with lately.
And Brian, you can see you've got your memory.
There's not a whole lot of action going on right now.
So it's kind of flat graphs,
but like if the memory jumped up, you would see it go up.
It shows you how much memory is free,
how much is being used,
how much of that is being cached, disk activity.
You can see the network traffic,
the multiple, it has four CPUs
and it shows you graphs for all four CPUs
as well as like the combined.
And I'm not gonna show the processes
'cause they might show command arguments
that I just don't wanna share.
But it seems like it probably somehow could be a bad idea
that I'm not aware of, but we'll learn later in a hard way.
But isn't that an amazing way to just,
this is over an SSH session.
- Oh, that's pretty cool.
That's amazing.
- Yeah, and watch this.
So if I just hit escape, you get even,
it's like an old video game options
with mouse support and everything.
- Oh, that's pretty cool.
- Yeah, so another thing to sort of announce here
is there's BPyTOP, which you can pipx install,
but they've also, as part of this,
released a BTOP rewritten and I think it must be C++.
So anyway, that's cool, right?
People can, I think that's supposed to be
a little bit more high performance,
although to me, they kind of seem like
the same type of thing.
Anyway, really cool.
If you've been using like TOP or something like this,
there's a really much better way.
And Glance is as good, but BTOP is the new winner
in my world here.
- And those sort of graphs, even if you don't need them,
you can have a second monitor
and have one of those running.
Everybody in your life will think you do something cooler
than you actually do. - Exactly.
- Oh, you're a hacker, aren't you?
That's a terminal.
(laughing)
Yeah, I am, okay.
- Yeah. - Don't cross me.
Don't cross me.
All right.
- Right, I think that's our extras.
- Chris Tyler, just real quick, has a recommendation,
switch to bottom BTM, which is similar,
but written in Rust and a little more performant.
Also cross-platform like BPyTOP.
- Okay, well, maybe,
maybe that needs to be checked out as well.
Maybe my time with BTOP was short
and I'll be over to bottom before I know it.
- Top and bottom, it's just terrible.
- Yeah, these are funny.
Yeah, thanks Christopher.
All right, I think I'm ready for a joke.
- Yes. - And I got something,
I've been talking about consolidating all these servers
and running different things.
We just talked about the monitoring your server and Docker.
So I thought it might be fun to share this post
on InfoSec Exchange Mastodon from Jeff Hall.
And he's got this, describe this for us, Brian.
- It's just a mess of cables coming out of the back
of what, a bunch of, I don't know.
- Network equipment? - Yeah.
- It's just like the world,
you couldn't imagine a worse set of tangled wire.
And they're dirty too, right?
It's not just like, they're covered in,
it's all these routers and they're white,
but they're most, they're significantly brown as well.
- With like a whole bunch of hubs
hanging in between and stuff.
- Yeah, a lot of these pieces are just suspended
by the wires and it just says the cloud.
- Yeah, yeah.
- It's very nice, I love it.
- That's very cool.
- Indeed, all right, well,
that's it for the show, I suppose.
And we don't normally have a final call to action,
but go check out your new pytest thing, your timeout,
and check out some of these other self-hosted things.
Yeah, it's really cool.
A lot of stuff people can adopt in.
Yeah, well, thanks for being here
and chat with you all later.